The scene of this world is changing
I can't live in the past
Please help me to keep running
Because we're moving fast
When we face opposition
And all the doors are closed
Let's follow new direction then
And find a well-disposed
Let's keep the pace
You can take my hand, let's win the race
Don't let go to the end, get what it takes
And all you need is to keep the faith
I have such good intentions
At the start of each new day
But something always happens
There is a challenge
Seem out of control
App gifts to help us manage
To keep us on the road
Let's keep the pace
You can take my hand, let's win the race
Don't let go to the end, get what it takes
And all you need to pay
Let's see the blessings flow
We go the extra mile
Or just to change
You a smile is clear
You see paradise with no more tears
I'm so glad that I tried to keep the faith
You can take my hand, let's win the race
Don't let go till the end you want it takes and all you and it's when the rain let go till the end you want it takes and all you let's keep the